It's time to bring NSA
surveillance state to an end.
FISA courts are
a rubber stamp to trample
on your Fourth Amendment
right to privacy.
- Sorry. You all right?
- Oh. No. no. no. My fault.
"Kill The Patriot Act."
It's never gonna happen.
The best
we can hope for is--
Fix Section 2-1-5.
I know.
Hyperbole
piques their interest.
then you go in for the kill.
We could use
more petitions like this.
Oh. thank you.
Your involvement
means more than you know.
Yes. We've achieved
customization.
Initiate Phase 2.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
♪ it seems
like a mighty long time ♪
♪  oh. oh. ♪
♪  I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm.
I'm so gad ♪
♪ ooh ♪
♪  you stopped by to say hello
to me ♪
Did you know that this diner
claims to have
the third-best
cup of coffee in D.C.
Look. last night.
me coming by your place
like that and--
Liz. I want to...
say something.
Don't. please.
I mean. can't you just
tell me about your boat?
I mean. whatever
the other thing is.
I'm sure that it's...
probably best for both of us
if you just keep it to yourself.
I'm sorry.
I just want to say I'm sorry.
Tom. we're way past that.
I know. but I'm not asking
for your forgiveness.
I just want to apologize
because I should have done it
a long time ago.
What's the catch?
There's no catch.
It's just a little hope.
- Hope?
- Mm-hmm.
That what.
we'll just work through
this screwed-up situation
we're in
and go back to playing house?
- All right. dream scenario.
- Uh-huh.
We finish our coffee.
we hope on my boat. we leave.
okay. we never look back.
Preferably. we take
our clothes off at some point.
Be serious.
- I am trying to be.
- That's insane.
I don't know you--
not the real you.
And the fact that you think
I'm gonna run away
with whoever you are
means that you don't know me
at all. either.
You must be the toast.
bacon extra crispy. tea. 2%.
Thank you.
I thought you'd be hungry.
Just because
I'm eating this--
All right. look. I know
the whole naked boat thing
is a little unrealistic.
but we both need to
start over. right?
You and me.
The real me. not--
The Neo-Nazi?
'Cause that doesn't
really do it for me.
That's fair.
- Reddington.
- Don't.
Tom.
Try calling me...
Jacob.
I have to go.
I know you think
he knows something.
but I wouldn't bet
the double-wide.
My guess?
The boy don't know doodle.
Oh. the boy knows
more than doodle. Brimley.
I've received information
from my sources
confirming that Karakurt
is in-country.
I'm gonna need a bag of dry ice
and five feet
of vinyl garden hose!
That poor fellow's an aide
at the Russian consulate
and a loyal errand boy
for the Cabal.
I believe he's the one
who provided Karakurt
with a go-bag
upon his arrival in the States.
There's something
I want to make clear with you.
Karakurt is known
in the intelligence community
as the left hand of the SVR.
It's not enough for you to
tell me that my mother was KGB
and that I was born in Russia.
In truth.
he works for the Cabal.
They smuggled him into America
because they know
if he commits
an act of terror here.
your government
will blame Moscow.
My mother and my father.
who they are.
what happened in the fire--
I'm gonna find out the truth.
I'm sure you will. Lizzy.
But listen to me.
- The Cabal is orchestrati--
- I get it.
The Cabal is trying to
start another Cold War.
and an act of terror
committed here
is step one
in making that happen.
I am listening
to what you are saying.
and I know that it's important.
but it is no more important
than what I am telling you.
and I need you
to listen to that.
There will be an attack
on an American defense
installation
within a matter of days.
If I'm right. it'll be
the first of many acts of terror
here and overseas
designed by the Cabal
to further their agenda.
We have to stop this man.
Lizzy.
January. 2009--
Stanislav Markelov.
a celebrated
human-rights lawyer
known for his
criticism of the regime
is gunned down in Moscow.
The Russians blamed
Neo-Nazi youth.
But German intelligence
suggests
it was Karakurt acting on orders
from the SVR.
Four years later.
Boris Berezovsky.
another vocal critic
of the regime.
was found dead
of an alleged suicide.
Again. intelligence sources
indicate
the death was staged
by the Kremlin.
Is Reddington saying
that the SVR
has sent
a terrorist to America?
No. that's what the Cabal
wants us to think.
Whatever Karakurt
was sent here to do.
the American government
will believe
that it was on behalf
of Russia.
It's a false-flag operation
meant to strain relations.
Reddington said that
Karakurt's target
was a defense installation.
Did he identify which one?
No. But I think
he might have a lead.
He's just being
tight-lipped about it.
Why?
We're trying to help him.
Reddington doesn't trust
our security.
He thinks we've been
bleeding information
since before the attempt
on his life.
Well. we're not waiting
on Reddington.
I've already
reached out to Langley.
set up a consult
with the CIA's Office
of Russian
and European Analysis.
This Karakurt
must be on their radar.
Find out what they know.
_
Mr. Masik.
How's it going? Marshall.
Donald Ressler.
Elizabeth Keen.
That was Kilpatrick.
He's on his way down.
Man. you guys certainly
got his attention.
The whole team's coming down
to hear this.
Piece of advice--
Kilpatrick's tough.
Do not take
anything he says personal.
All right. let's go.
Everyone stop what you're doing.
It's our lucky day. apparently.
The good people of the FBI
have decided to enlighten us.
Kilpatrick. I spoke to
Harold Cooper just now.
And he sent over
a situation brief.
Ressler. Keen. We appreciate
you guys extending yourself--
You want to tell us
where you got your information?
A high-level informant.
One who's proven very reliable.
Karakurt. You sure
that's what he said?
'Cause you're talking to people
who run Russian
counterintelligence.
and we don't have one shred
of credible information
that he's in-country.
Well. that's why
we're here--
to share our credible
information with you.
We were hoping you guys
would do the same.
Look. you have your hooks
in the Russian community.
That's right. And if their
top assassin is on US soil.
you can bet your badge
we'd know it.
He's here.
And we have reason to believe
he's planning an attack
on American defense
installations soon.
If civilians die
because you're
bent out of shape
whether the source
was FBI or CIA--
You asked for our assessment.
No.
We asked for your help.
If he's here. where does he go?
Who does he meet with?
He needs a place to stay.
a vehicle.
- We'll ask around.
- You'll ask around?
That's it?
There are stars
carved in the marble at Langley
that represent
colleagues of ours
who died drawing intel
on Karakurt.
Nobody wants him
more than we do.
We'll look into your lead
and let you know.
Hey. guys. wait up.
Like I said.
the guy's not exactly
the warm-and-fuzzy type. huh?
The guy's a prick.
He's actually not.
Overworked. yeah.
Under-appreciated. definitely.
Alcoholic. probably.
But Killy's
been working the Russians
ever since they were Soviets.
What he doesn't know.
somebody he knows does.
The truth is we reviewed
what you sent on Karakurt.
and it's as much
as we've gathered
since he came on the radar
in '03.
You guys really
have nothing suggesting
that he's in the US?
Nothing solid.
Kilpatrick has a CI
here in Washington.
Part of the Old Guard.
hard-liner.
Owns a restaurant now
popular with some of his
ex-pat spy colleagues.
He recorded a conversation
for us last night.
Cryptic stuff. We're not sure
what it means yet.
- You think it might be Karakurt?
- Well. it fits in with
some of what
you're looking for.
Now. if you take this.
it didn't come from me.
Thank you.
We'll be in touch.
Hey. Can you
help me with something?
Katarina Rostova--
you heard of her?
I don't know who that is.
but I doubt very seriously that
that is Katarina Rostova.
I don't think there are any
photographs of Katarina Rostova.
Why do you say that?
She's a myth.
Tall tales late at night
over vodka shots.
Probably an amalgamation
of a half-a-dozen unknown
female Soviet operatives--
the Pinko Mata Hari.
You said your CI
works with the Old Guard.
Could you ask him about her
for me?
If anybody knows anything
about Katarina Rostova. he will.
Send me a copy of your photo.
I'll see what I can do.
You were right to keep on him.
The boy was tighter
than my first wife.
But I got an address.
All clear.
Ammonium nitrate.
He's constructed
some kind of ANFO IED.
He'll need a vehicle.
Hello?
Hello.
Hi.
Is he still here?
The man who was in the room?
I wanted to apologize
before he moved.
My baby has colic
and was fussing all night.
Oh. dear.
You must be exhausted.
Yeah. you have no idea.
Ah. you'd be surprised.
The man. did you talk to him?
Yeah. we passed in the hall.
said hello.
I feel terrible.
Oh. no. Don't be silly.
If you could give me a call
the next time you see him.
I would be ever so grateful.
"Bill Houston."
Y-you're
a private investigator?
He in some kind of trouble.
According to the missus.
always.
Gambling.
He lost his daughter's
college fund
playing Caribbean Stud.
left home in embarrassment.
Helen's worried sick.
It's a mess.
You said he was moving?
People here don't stay long.
I mean. I saw him
with a truck in the alley.
What kind of truck?
Reddington
didn't give it to me.
I found it
in one of the places he stays.
And you think this is a photo
of your mother?
I don't know.
That's what Reddington told me.
But that girl.
that is definitely me.
The agent back there.
the CI he mentioned?
That could be my chance
to find out something
about the woman holding me
in that photo.
Why would a Russian CI
have information
about your mother?
Ressler.
- Where are you?
- Just leaving the Orea. Why?
Reddington called.
Karakurt is in possession
of an ANFO IED.
We've identified the vehicle.
It's a white moving truck
rented out of Annapolis.
plate number Delta-Kilo-5-8-2-7.
We're trying to ping
the location now.
They think Karakurt
has a white moving truck
with explosives.
Oh. my God.
The truck is parked
right outside of Orea
Orea is the target.
Liz! Liz. look out!
The truck!
Crews continue the grim work
of sifting through the rubble.
The death toll stands at 14.
although the identities...
This was an act
of terror. plain and simple.
As Chairman of the Select
Committee on Intelligence.
mark my words.
We will find the people
who are responsible.
And when we do. we will respond
with all appropriate force.
It's official.
No survivors.
I got something.
Security cam from a loading dock
on 20th and Independence.
It's not much.
but let's send it wide.
see if we can't get lucky.
get an ID.
- Keen.
- You're okay.
I was afraid
you were... inside.
No. but those agents--
their entire section.
Every agent on that desk
was wiped out.
- If this gets traced back to Russia--
- Not "If." Lizzy.
Senator Hawkins
has taken the bait
like a bluegill to a cricket.
And where he goes. the
warmongers are sure to follow.
Where are you on Karakurt?
Where? Nowhere.
The Cabal just took out
an entire substation
of the CIA.
They put a bullet in your chest.
and you have no idea how.
You're the most
cautious person I know.
The FBI couldn't find you
for 20 years.
but they did.
They're three steps ahead.
and that's exactly
what I'm gonna tell the AG.
Tom Connolly is there?
No. he's on his way.
I assume he's expecting
to be briefed.
Connolly made the Harbormaster
investigation go away.
All we have on Karakurt
is a recording
and a grainy photo
that's gotten us nowhere.
- You have far more than that.
- Like what?
I'm glad you're safe. Lizzy.
I'll be in touch.
_
Mr. Houston?
The man with the truck.
he's back.
Reddington has a location
for Karakurt--
63rd and Franklin.
Coordinate with HRT.
Roll out now.
We have a lead.
We need to talk in your office.
Tom.
You will ignore
Reddington's lead.
Why?
I'm sure it's solid.
Harold. call your team.
Tell them intel indicates
the Russian is at Union Station.
You expect me
to let Karakurt get away?
The man murdered
14 government agents.
And that is a national tragedy.
but finding him
will not bring them back.
What about his next target?
How many more lives
does he have to take
before you let me do my job?
Your job today is to divert
your team to Union Station.
or. God forbid.
your wife will pay the price.
Charlene is a lovely woman
who violated
the Espionage Act...
for you.
Prison will not be kind to her.
Harold. let him go.
This is bigger than both of us.
Ressler.
We received actionable intel
that conflicts
with Reddington's.
Yeah. but Keen said
that he had an eyewitness.
Local PD got a hit
off the credit card
Karakurt used
to rent the truck.
Same card was used to purchase
a train ticket at Union Station.
- Redirect there now.
- Copy that.
I knew you'd make
the right play.
Give Charlene my regards.
_
Check the platforms.
I've got eyes.
Going through Gate D.
Keen. what's your 20?
Hey. hang on.
You okay?
- Yeah. I'm okay.
- What happened?
He blind-sided me.
Okay.
Where did he go?
I didn't see.
The Intelligence Committee
is receiving live updates
on the progress
of the investigation
from the Justice Department.
All evidence
points to a deliberate.
sanctioned attack
from Russia's SVR.
It was Karakurt.
He was there.
You're certain?
I don't know.
He came around the corner.
I-I just
got a glimpse of him.
I was calling Ressler for backup
when he knocked me down.
Hey. guys.
Listen to this.
From the recording
Agent Masik gave you.
Tell me it worked.
The proof of concept
succeeded as projected.
- Prepare to initiate Phase Two.
- Done.
I've identified the markers
for targeting
and customization.
Whatever's happening.
it is happening soon.
What does he mean by "Markers"?
Could be referencing
map coordinates.
some kind of radio beacon.
We don't know.
But based on
what Agent Masik told you.
we think we've figured out
who the CI is.
He told you that the owner
runs a restaurant in DC
that caters
to the Soviet Old Guard.
We reviewed ownership records
for all the Russian restaurants
in DC and found one.
Ninoshka's.
The owner is former Spetsnaz.
His name is Anton Velov.
My belief is he's the CI.
The conversation
was recorded last night.
so we pulled all the receipts
and found a late dinner for two
paid for by a Leo Andropov.
Dr. Leo Andropov.
And you think
he was meeting with Karakurt?
I'd say yes. Andropov worked
for the Soviet Defense Ministry
in the final months
before Glasnost.
Whiz kid.
When he was 16. he published
his first and last paper
in an open-source
microbiology journal
before he got snapped up
by the Weapons Ministry.
Closet's clear!
I've seen equipment like this
at the lab at Quantico.
This is a genotyping unit.
It looks like Andropov fled.
No passport. no ID.
no prescription drugs.
Building fertilizer bombs is
way below this guy's pay grade.
This can't be
Karakurt's endgame.
- Biological weapons?
- This guy's a virologist.
If these
are biological weapons.
then we may be looking
at a pandemic.
It always starts with a favor.
I've known Tom Connolly
for two decades.
He's had dinners at my house.
And when he offered to help me
get into that drug trial.
it was my only hope.
It wasn't just your hope.
Harold.
It was your wife's hope.
you children's.
You were given
a terminal diagnosis.
and Connolly ends up
offering you a choice--
your life or your ethics.
and you picked your life.
What good are ethics
if you aren't alive
to live by them?
If it was just me.
my health. my life.
I would have told him
to pound sand a long time ago.
When he dragged
Charlene into it-- now this--
deliberately misdirecting
my own agents
to facilitate
the escape of a terrorist!
Now. that's what's interesting.
He orders you
to send them to Union Station.
ostensibly to throw them
off Karakurt's trail.
And there he is.
Perhaps Agent Keen
was mistaken.
And assaulted
by a total stranger?
That makes even less sense.
It was some kind of ambush.
And I sent my people
right into it.
And a good thing you did.
What the hell does that mean?
Thanks to your desire
to protect Charlene.
we're presented
with a unique opportunity
to find out
what the Cabal is up to.
How?
By continuing
to follow Connolly's orders
without question.
The last thing you should do
is confront him.
Gather evidence.
Build a case.
Tom Connolly's been leaking
information to the Cabal
about everything
that goes on in this place
ever since he walked
through that door
and offered to save your life.
You want to wipe
that debt clean?
Keep your eyes open
and your mouth shut.
We found
a fully outfitted virology lab
in Andropov's apartment.
Think he's building
a bio-weapon.
We seized his notebooks.
but we're gonna need
an expert in microbiology
who can also translate Russian.
Reddy Bear!
Oh. I could eat you alive!
- Mm.
- Mwah.
Ginger. this is
Dr. Lauren Kimberly.
Lauren. my executive assistant.
Ginger Lumiere.
Hmm.
Interesting look.
Purposeful. but still feminine.
You should try
a darker shade of lipstick.
I bet you could
get away with a gloss.
Lauren. we're going to have to
forgo the makeover today.
We're in a bit of a pinch.
Understood.
Let me see what I can do.
I've got a lead on my mom.
An Orea agent. he has a CI
who might know something
about Katarina Rostova.
Dr. Kimberly
was a tenured professor
doing genome research
at Stanford
when she was recruited
by the private sector.
I'm gonna find out the truth.
She makes her real money
consulting.
Costs a fortune.
She did. however.
let me name a lipstick color--
"Fire In The Hole."
_
You've reached Elizabeth Keen.
Please leave your message
at the tone.
Hi. Liz.
This is. uh. Jacob.
Jacob Phelps.
Look. I know
things are complicated.
I know you're
going through a bad breakup.
But from what I heard.
the guy's a total loser.
Couldn't cook.
made crappy pancakes.
So I wanted to see if you would
join me for dinner tomorrow.
Uh. I made a reservation at 7:00
at this great little place
on the corner of 32nd and M.
and I hope that you will come.
Or not.
But. uh. either way.
I'll be there.
You're right.
It is a weapon.
A WMD?
No. A WID--
a weapon of
individual destruction.
This is a customized virus.
synthesized
with the sole intent
of killing
one specific individual.
How is that possible?
He's created
a supercharged rotavirus.
These are very common.
By the age of 5. most of us have
been infected multiple times.
And with each infection.
we build up an immunity.
So it's harmless
to most people.
All people. Precisely.
But this rotavirus
has been customized.
keyed to infect one individual
with a unique genetic sequence.
and to devastating effect.
According to the animal trials
logged in these notes.
it attacks
the central nervous system
within minutes of exposure.
One person.
But who?
I can only tell you
what they're doing.
I'm sorry. but I can't tell you
who they're doing it to.
So. we know Karakurt
is targeting one person
and it's keyed
to his or her DNA.
Think.
He bombed the CIA's
Russian section.
That took time. money
and no small amount of risk.
What happens when
the United States is attacked.
suffers grievous loss of life?
We go into lock-down.
The bombing bumped
the NTAS level to red.
But why put the mission at risk
by triggering
a high-level terrorist alert?
Well. that's the downside.
The upside is exposure.
public attention.
Remember.
the people behind this
went to immense trouble
and expense.
What does that say
about their target?
He's high-value.
Someone important.
Oh. my God.
that's why he did it.
The Memorial Service.
The victims will be
memorialized at a service
at Ascension
and Saint Agnes Church.
Politicians and
military personnel.
intelligence officers
from overseas
will all be there
to pay their respects.
One of them is the target.
So. this is the guy?
That's the best we can do.
He's our prime suspect
in the Orea bombing.
and we have good reason to
believe that he's not done yet.
We need your people
to be on high alert.
We're looking for a bomb?
No. we'll be prepared
for that possibility.
but our intel says
he's after a specific target.
We just don't know who yet.
We'll do our best. but with
this many people around.
I can't promise anything.
Safest play
is to cancel the event.
Believe me.
we're working on it.
Just spoke to Reven Wright.
Calling off the memorial service
is a nonstarter.
That's a mistake. We have hard
evidence of a clear threat.
Main Justice is aware.
But the public's rattled
by this bombing.
and they want
a show of strength.
If they cancel.
it suggests we can't
protect our own people
on our own turf.
Maybe we can't-- at this point.
we still don't know
exactly what
we're dealing with.
I can tell you what I'm dealing
with-- an impossible problem.
So if you're counting on me
cracking this virus. don't.
Well. what do you have?
We found the formula
for the virus
in Karakurt's apartment.
So my plan was
to reverse engineer the process.
We are trying
millions of DNA combinations.
If I could figure out the profile
it was engineered to destroy--
You could run the profile
through the DNA database.
If you get a match.
that's Karakurt's target.
Except it won't work--
not in time. at least.
I need hours--
days. maybe--
and the memorial will be over
long before we can ID
the target sequence.
Whatever his plan.
we have to assume
Karakurt's already infected
himself with the contagion
and is a live carrier.
Civilian and military
security assets
have been marshalled
for the service.
However. the assassin
in this case
is not armed with something
that we can flag
with a metal detector.
The virus is transmitted
through touch.
It penetrates the skin.
Even brushing up
against the target
is enough
to infect and kill him.
It is critical
that we nail Karakurt
before he can get
anywhere near that church.
Find him. people!
Whatever it takes!
- What are you thinking?
- Not me. Leonard.
The Director.
What is he thinking?
His objective is to exacerbate
tensions with Russia.
He chose to send Karakurt.
an assassin
known to work for the regime
so people will assume
Russia is responsible.
So...
So whoever he's targeting next
will be an enemy of Russia.
an outspoken critic.
Someone people will believe
the Russians
would want to silence.
Hey. Keen! Keen!
67 guests
have been cleared to attend.
There's Defense. Homeland.
CIA. the Bureau on this list.
It's gonna be hard
to narrow it down.
Yeah. so much
for the good old days
where you could just
look for the glint
of a sniper-rifle scope
in a nearby window.
What does it do.
this virus. to the body?
The CDC's
still breaking it down.
But they're saying it attacks
the central nervous system.
A victim would start shaking
within seconds of infection.
Disorientation. then labored
breathing. convulsions.
Incapacitation
within moments of contact.
It's quite a remarkable feat
of engineering.
In my experience.
such accomplishments
don't happen overnight.
You're saying
they tested it first.
A customized virus
deadly to such a small fraction
of the population--
What kind of trial and error
would prove useful?
This is Aram.
Agent Mojtabai.
I need a list of people
admitted to an Emergency Room
in the last few days
displaying symptoms
consistent with the virus
you're tracking.
Okay. that's not gonna be
so easy to put together.
Aram. that kind of
catastrophic trauma
would certainly
have gotten someone's attention.
It's on an autopsy chart
somewhere.
Okay. I hear you.
but you have to--
Whoa.
Bethesda General
sent tissue samples
to the CDC a few days ago.
A suspicious death
of a college student.
The Center's just starting
an investigation.
I need that student's
home address.
and I need to speak
to Agent Navabi.
Mrs. Jennings.
thank you for seeing me.
I know this is
an extremely difficult time.
I got a message from the CDC
about the investigation.
But I didn't think they'd be
sending someone over so quickly.
Can you tell me about Connor?
What you know so far?
Not much.
Connor was a law student.
I was told he was walking
across campus
when he just started shaking.
and then convulsing.
One of the doctors suggested
he may have contracted
a rare form of rotavirus?
No. you're right to be thinking
this could be
something else entirely.
- Perhaps malicious.
- Malicious?
To be honest.
Mrs. Jennings.
your son may have been
intentionally infected.
Is this because...
Is this because...?
If Connor was targeted
by someone capable
of this kind of attack.
it has to be connected
to his father.
His father?
When I was a young staffer
on the Hill.
I had an affair with the man
I was working for.
We were stupid. and...
I got pregnant.
Even then. he had his eyes
set on a big political future.
so I agreed to go away.
I made a deal to receive
ongoing support from him.
Senator Hawkins--
he's the target.
The tested the virus
on his son.
the closest
possible genetic match.
You need to find the Senator
before Karakurt does.
Hey. Keen!
Samar's reaching out
to Hawkins' office.
He's not inside.
so we still got a shot
of keeping him clear.
I'll check the drive-ups.
Any word from Metro?
Negative. If Karakurt's inside.
nobody's spotted him yet.
Step up. please.
Name?
Flemming. European Wire.
Flemming. press badge 6362.
We're gonna need
to check the case.
We're good.
He's on the Main Justice
press list.
It's time. Harold.
Call Tom Connolly.
Tell him you need to
see him immediately.
I'm assuming at the moment
he has no idea
you've identified
Karakurt's intended victim.
which is why
you need to tell him.
Why would I do that?
Because he'll be
caught off guard.
And in addition to enhancing
your credibility with him.
it'll make him doubt
whether or not to move forward.
You think
he'll call off the attack?
I think it's worth the attempt.
What's the latest
from Agents Keen and Ressler?
Still no sign of Karakurt.
Agent Navabi's on the line now
with one of Hawkins' aides.
Listen to me.
It's not a potential threat.
The Bureau has confirmed
that a direct attack
on the Senator is imminent.
No. I cannot confirm my source.
Then you need to find
whoever is with him
and deliver the message.
It's not safe
to attend the service.
You need to find him.
You'll be third to the podium.
Senator.
After the minister
and the family representative.
they'll have a moment
of silence. and then--
We'll be sitting here forever.
This is fine. Patrick.
I'll walk.
Senator Hawkins. how are you?
- Welcome. sir.
- Thank you.
Harold. your cooperation
was instrumental
in Karakurt's escape.
Everything's on track.
thanks to you.
Don't thank me yet.
Why?
Is there a problem?
My people are closing in
on him now.
They know the Orea bombing
was just the first
in a series of attacks.
They know about the virus.
I see.
Well. thank you
for letting me know.
But why are you
letting me know?
And don't tell me
you want to help
because I know
you'd like nothing better
than to strangle me right now.
You're right.
I'm letting you know
because I want you
to call it off.
I can't control Reddington.
and I can't
misdirect my people again
without drawing suspicion.
It's only a matter of time
until they stop Karakurt.
Stop him from what?
They don't even know
his target.
Clifford Hawkins.
Call it off. Tom.
If the Director
really wants him dead.
he can find another way
on another day.
No.
Today is the day.
I appreciate your concern.
but everything should be fine.
Strange days. don't you think?
Assassins don't need knives
or guns or bombs.
All you have to do
is answer a few questions
and shake the wrong man's hand.
The press corps.
Get over there now.
I think Karakurt
may be posing as a reporter.
Hey. he's just pulling
into the service now.
Senator Hawkins.
Get him away!
Get him away from us!
Come with us. sir!
What the hell's going on?
The man responsible
for the Orea bombing--
Karakurt? I was briefed.
Was that him?
We'll explain everything. sir.
Right now. we need to get you
to a secure location.
Thank you.
Please. call my wife.
tell her I'm okay?
Sir?
Sir!
We need to get him
to a hospital now!
He's been infected!
Sir!
Bethesda says
Hawkins is critical.
They've called in
the hospital chaplain.
He didn't touch Karakurt?
No. sir.
Then what the hell happened?
Karakurt's in holding.
We're gonna take a run at him
and find out.
Best I could tell.
Hawkins just melted down
next to Keen.
Karakurt.
That means "Spider." right?
Kara-what?
Huh? Look. I don't know
what that is.
My name is Jonas Flemming.
I'm a reporter
for the European Wire.
I live in Rotterdam.
We're gonna try this again.
We know who you are.
That's you outside the Orea.
You exited a rental truck
less than a minute
before it exploded
and destroyed the building.
We have a recording
of you and Andropov.
We know he engineered a drug
designed to kill the Senator.
We know you're infected.
No. no. no. no.
My credentials were taken
from me when I arrived.
but they were vetted
by your Department Of Justice.
Please. call.
You didn't touch the Senator.
How was the virus delivered?
You can rig your little story.
but you can't rig your blood.
We're running it right now.
And when it comes back positive
for that virus that
killed Hawkins. we got you.
Hello. Anton.
Relax.
If I had bad intentions
for this visit.
you'd know by now.
You're Raymond Reddington.
I am.
And if I'm right.
you're the same Anton Velov
who once led
a Spetsnaz Special Forces Unit
called The Zarubin Group.
I'm surprised we never met.
For many years.
while you were still
with US Counterintelligence.
I considered you
the KGB's greatest enemy.
Oh. my God.
That feels like ages ago.
For what it's worth.
I was young.
I had no concept of what
a real enemy looked like.
But I do know.
Which is why I'm hoping
you and I might prove
to be fast friends.
What can I do?
I know you're working
with the CIA as an informant
for the Office of Russian
and European Analysis.
Since those agents are
tragically no longer with us.
I was thinking perhaps you might
become an asset for me.
The American government.
They may not
be done with me yet.
I got a phone call from FBI.
An agent named Elizabeth Keen.
Really? What about?
She wants to meet.
She was asking
about Katarina Rostova.
Did you know Katarina Rostova?
No. not personally.
All I know are the same
old ghost stories we all share.
Well. if you were in my employ.
I would have to insist
you not speak to anyone
from the FBI
or any other
US intelligence agency.
Of course.
And Agent Keen.
she wasn't the first.
Sometime back. two men
from Justice Department
come and ask me about Katarina.
I suppose they think
I am one of the few people left
who still remember
the old stories.
What sort of stories?
They were asking
about her KGB contacts.
where she lived.
and about a child.
They asked about a child?
Yes. many times.
"Tell me
about her child."
I said. "All I know
is they say she had a daughter."
Dembe. the phone.
How many times
are we gonna go through this?
That picture isn't me.
Call my office.
Check my visa.
check my identity.
We know you're working
for the Cabal.
We know
what they're capable of.
Was this the plan all along.
to protect you
with this identity?
The Cabal has people in the
government all over the world.
It wouldn't be hard for them
to create a Jonas Flemming.
give him a history...
The Crime Lab just called.
They're saying his blood
tested negative for the virus.
Negative?
That's not possible.
Hey. I got to
call you right back.
Lizzy. you need
to get out of there now.
Why? Where are you?
What's going on?
You've been set up.
The Cabal's been asking
about you. Lizzy.
They know who your mother was.
You've been set up.
You were there when
the Orea building was bombed.
They wanted you
to save Clifford Hawkins.
They sent
Karakurt to the memorial
to make you think
he was the threat
so you would secure the Senator
and infect him in the process.
I don't have the virus.
You do. Lizzy.
I don't need a test
to know that you do.
Your mother was a Russian spy.
and now they've made it
look like you are. too.
You have the virus.
You infected the Senator.
and now they will come for you.
You need
to get out of there now.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com